docs(lapis): improve landing page, describe lineage queries (#1702)
GenSpectrum/LAPIS: lapis-docs/src/content/docs/concepts/customizable-fasta-headers.mdx

Reviewer: Maybe an example on how the result would look like might also help? (Non blocking, we can also do that in a separate PR)

Author: (Doing this potentially in a future PR and merging this to not keep it here indefinitely)

---
title: Customizable FASTA headers
description: Customize the header line of FASTA records returned by sequence endpoints
---

When requesting sequences as FASTA, you can customize the header line of each record by setting the
`fastaHeaderTemplate` request property.

> The parameter is ignored if the data format is not FASTA.

Reviewer: LAPIS returns an error in this case.

Author: ```suggestion
An error is thrown if the prameter is set but the data format is not FASTA.
```
